every year millions of children put a
pet animal at the top of their Christmas
list but ask yourself this would a
Diplodocus really make a good family pet
an egg the size of a grapefruit will
make an exciting present and it's easy
to rap but be warned once it's hatched
your baby Diplodocus will need regular
feeding with plenty of fibrous
vegetation remember your new pet is
vulnerable and may need protection from
predators like the family dog but by the
time it's mature your Diplodocus will be
far too big for most predators
unfortunately at up to 82 feet or 25
metres long it will also be too big for
the family car at this point is probably
worth mentioning that each Diplodocus
poop weighs about a ton oh and while
strong on that subject they're also
quite windy animals so not the ideal pet
for those would be shall we say
sensitive noses
this is sounding a bit one-sided so in
the interest of balance here's a few
positives no fur means no grooming at
over two stories high and diplodocus
could certainly help clean the gutters
and it would certainly put off any
burglars but beware whilst they may make
a superb playground slide a Diplodocus
is not just for Christmas with a
lifespan of about eighty years they're a
gift for life at least oh and I forgot
to mention they're really a herd animal
so if there's no other Diplodocus is
nearby they may try and bond with
Santa's reindeer
oh dear maybe a Diplodocus isn't such a
great Christmas gift after all do you
think a dinosaur is an appropriate gift
or not let us know your thoughts in the
comments below